Add a GPT-NeoX multi node example (#195)
mosaicml/examples: examples/gpt_neox/README.md

# GPT-NeoX on MosaicML Platform (MPlatform)

> [The MosaicML Platform (MPlatform)](https://www.mosaicml.com/blog/mosaicml-cloud-demo) enables easy training of distributed machine learning (ML) jobs. In this folder, we provide an example of how to run [GPT-NeoX](https://github.com/EleutherAI/gpt-neox), EleutherAI's library for training large language models, on MPlatform.

Reviewer: [nit] I've been explicitly told the "Platform" is supposed to be all lowercase 

```suggestion
The [MosaicML platform](https://www.mosaicml.com/blog/mosaicml-cloud-demo) enables easy training of distributed machine learning (ML) jobs. In this folder, we provide an example of how to run [GPT-NeoX](https://github.com/EleutherAI/gpt-neox), EleutherAI's library for training large language models, on the Mosaic platform.
```

Author: got it, switched over everywhere

You’ll find in this folder:

-   `multi_node.yaml` - a yaml to run a multi-node GPT-NeoX training job on MPlatform.

## Prerequisites

Here’s what you’ll need to get started with running GPT-NeoX on MPlatform

-   A docker image with the correctly installed GPT-NeoX dependencies (we tested with `shivanshupurohit/gpt-neox:112`).
-   A dataset prepared in the [expected format](https://github.com/EleutherAI/gpt-neox/blob/72c80715c366cc4ad623050d6bcb984fe6638814/README.md?plain=1#L122).

## Starting Training

> We include the `.yaml` file required to run multi-node GPT-NeoX on MPlatform. You just need to fill in the `cluster` field in the `.yaml` files, and change the `data-path` if using your own data. If you are using Weights & Biases, fill in `wandb_project` and `wandb_team`, otherwise remove the Weights & Biases related arguments (`use_wandb`, `wandb_project`, `wandb_team`, and `wandb_group`). Additionally, other GPT-NeoX configs can be modified as usual. The provided yaml file uses 16 GPUs, but all you have to do to use more is change the `gpu_num` field. You will likely want to adjust the parallelism configuration for your exact setup. See the [GPT-NeoX README](https://github.com/EleutherAI/gpt-neox/blob/main/README.md) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We include the `.yaml` file required to run multi-node GPT-NeoX on the Mosaic platform. You just need to fill in the `cluster` field in the `.yaml` files, and change the `data-path` if using your own data. If you are using Weights & Biases, fill in `wandb_project` and `wandb_team`, otherwise remove the Weights & Biases related arguments (`use_wandb`, `wandb_project`, `wandb_team`, and `wandb_group`). The other GPT-NeoX configs can be modified as usual. The provided yaml file uses 16 GPUs, but all you have to do to use more is change the `gpu_num` field. You will likely want to adjust the parallelism configuration for your exact setup. See the [GPT-NeoX README](https://github.com/EleutherAI/gpt-neox/blob/main/README.md) for more information.
```
